INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

# ExamSubs Instructions

This guide explains how to use ExamSubs from both staff and student perspectives.

## Staff Workflow

### Create an exam
1. Go to the 'Exam Administration' section using the link on the top right of the window and select "Create Exam".
2. Fill in Exam ID, Exam Title, and the submission window (start/end date and time). The exam will only be available to students in the submission window.
3. Set pre/post buffer minutes if needed. This will give students extra time to submit beyond the exam time set above.
4. Add Required Documents (these are the student upload slots). Each required document added will be a button on the student's view that they can use to upload the specific document required. You can add a student note which explains more details about each activity. You can also set a required file type that only allows students to upload a specific file type, such as PDF or Microsoft Word document for example.
5. Optionally configure naming templates for stored files/folders. This will rename all student submitted documents to a specific naming convention, usually required by exam boards.
6. Optionally add Exam Materials for students to download from the student exam page.
7. Optionally set a general exam access password. You can set unique passwords per students in the student roster section below if you prefer.
8. Save the exam.

### Add or manage a student roster (optional)
By default, when students access an exam, it will let anyone access the exam in the submission window and will ask them to enter their own name and candidate number. However, if you add a student roster, you can make students either choose their name from a dropdown menu, or enter a unique password to identify them. The latter being a more secure method of submission.

1. Open the exam and click "Student Roster".
2. Enable the roster and choose identification mode:
   - Menu: students pick their name from a list.
   - Password: each student gets a unique password.
3. Add students manually or import a CSV file using the headers supplied on the page..
4. Save the roster.
5. If using passwords, you can print student cards from the roster page by pressing the 'Printable Student Cards (PDF)' buton to provide the student on the examination day.

### Manage exams
- Edit exam details, documents, materials, or passwords as needed.
- Mark exams completed or reopen them from the exam page. When an exam is mark as completed, it is not available to the student any more, even if it is still within the submission window.
- Download all submissions or individual files.
- Reset a submission to allow a student to submit again (previous files are archived).

## Student Workflow

### Access an exam
1. Open the student portal.
2. Select the exam and click "Submit Files".
3. If prompted, enter the exam access password and/or your student password provided from the roster. If the student is on a roster, it will log when the student has downloaded the exam materials in the Administration section.

### Download exam materials
1. On the student portal, use "Download Exam Materials" on the exam card.
2. Download a single file or all materials as a ZIP.
3. If a password is required, you will be prompted first.

### Submit files
1. Enter your name and candidate number (or select your name if roster mode is enabled). If a password has been provided per student, their name will be automatically filled in.
2. Upload the required documents.
3. Confirm the final submission checkbox.
4. Click "Submit Files".

### Replace a submission
- If a submission already exists, the portal will warn you.
- Confirm the replacement checkbox to submit again.

### Cancel a submission
- Use "Cancel submission" to return to the exam list.
  - This also clears your roster password session, if used.

Commit message:

Replacing Student Roster with Student Register, US language bad!

INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

# ExamSubs Instructions

This guide explains how to use ExamSubs from both staff and student perspectives.

## Staff Workflow

### Create an exam
1. Go to the 'Exam Administration' section using the link on the top right of the window and select "Create Exam".
2. Fill in Exam ID, Exam Title, and the submission window (start/end date and time). The exam will only be available to students in the submission window.
3. Set pre/post buffer minutes if needed. This will give students extra time to submit beyond the exam time set above.
4. Add Required Documents (these are the student upload slots). Each required document added will be a button on the student's view that they can use to upload the specific document required. You can add a student note which explains more details about each activity. You can also set a required file type that only allows students to upload a specific file type, such as PDF or Microsoft Word document for example.
5. Optionally configure naming templates for stored files/folders. This will rename all student submitted documents to a specific naming convention, usually required by exam boards.
6. Optionally add Exam Materials for students to download from the student exam page.
7. Optionally set a general exam access password. You can set unique passwords per students in the student register section below if you prefer.
8. Save the exam.

### Add or manage a student register (optional)
By default, when students access an exam, it will let anyone access the exam in the submission window and will ask them to enter their own name and candidate number. However, if you add a student register, you can make students either choose their name from a dropdown menu, or enter a unique password to identify them. The latter being a more secure method of submission.

1. Open the exam and click "Student Register".
2. Enable the register and choose identification mode:
   - Menu: students pick their name from a list.
   - Password: each student gets a unique password.
3. Add students manually or import a CSV file using the headers supplied on the page..
4. Save the register.
5. If using passwords, you can print student cards from the register page by pressing the 'Printable Student Cards (PDF)' button to provide the student on the examination day.

### Manage exams
- Edit exam details, documents, materials, or passwords as needed.
- Mark exams completed or reopen them from the exam page. When an exam is mark as completed, it is not available to the student any more, even if it is still within the submission window.
- Download all submissions or individual files.
- Reset a submission to allow a student to submit again (previous files are archived).

## Student Workflow

### Access an exam
1. Open the student portal.
2. Select the exam and click "Submit Files".
3. If prompted, enter the exam access password and/or your student password provided from the register. If the student is on a register, it will log when the student has downloaded the exam materials in the Administration section.

### Download exam materials
1. On the student portal, use "Download Exam Materials" on the exam card.
2. Download a single file or all materials as a ZIP.
3. If a password is required, you will be prompted first.

### Submit files
1. Enter your name and candidate number (or select your name if register mode is enabled). If a password has been provided per student, their name will be automatically filled in.
2. Upload the required documents.
3. Confirm the final submission checkbox.
4. Click "Submit Files".

### Replace a submission
- If a submission already exists, the portal will warn you.
- Confirm the replacement checkbox to submit again.

### Cancel a submission
- Use "Cancel submission" to return to the exam list.
  - This also clears your register password session, if used.
